tiproxy: update traffic replay docs (#20323)
pingcap/docs: tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md

+ Possible values: `resource`, `location`, `connection`
+ Specifies the load balancing policy. For the meaning of each possible value, see [TiProxy load balancing policies](/tiproxy/tiproxy-load-balance.md#configure-load-balancing-policies).

### `enable-traffic-replay`

+ Default value: `true`
+ Support hot-reload: yes
+ Possible values: `true`, `false`

> + Specifies whether enabling [traffic replay](/tiproxy/tiproxy-traffic-replay.md). If it is `false`, capturing and replaying traffic will report errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Specifies whether to enable [traffic replay](/tiproxy/tiproxy-traffic-replay.md). If it is set to `false`, traffic capture and replay operations will result in errors.
```

    ha.interface: "eth0"
```

> When you need to isolate computing layer resources, you can configure multiple virtual IPs and use [label-based load balancing](/tiproxy/tiproxy-load-balance.md#label-based-load-balancing) in combination. For examples, see [label-based load balancing](/tiproxy/tiproxy-load-balance.md#label-based-load-balancing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to isolate computing layer resources, you can configure multiple virtual IP addresses and use [label-based load balancing](/tiproxy/tiproxy-load-balance.md#label-based-load-balancing) in combination. For examples, see [label-based load balancing](/tiproxy/tiproxy-load-balance.md#label-based-load-balancing).
```

+ `ca`: specifies the CA
+ `cert`: specifies the certificate
+ `key`: specifies the private key

> + `cert-allowed-cn`: when other components connect to TiProxy with TLS, TiProxy can prevent illegal access by verifying the `Common Name` in the caller's certificate. This item specifies a list of `Common Name` of legal callers. After setting this item, this TLS object must enable TLS, otherwise the item will not take effect. For more information on verifying component caller's identity, see [verify component caller's identity](/enable-tls-between-components.md#verify-component-callers-identity).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `cert-allowed-cn`: when other components connect to TiProxy with TLS, TiProxy can prevent invalid access by verifying the `Common Name` in the caller's certificate. This item specifies a list of `Common Name` of legal callers. After setting this item, this TLS object must enable TLS; otherwise the item will not take effect. For more information on verifying component caller's identity, see [verify component caller's identity](/enable-tls-between-components.md#verify-component-callers-identity).
```
